Add Erlang/OTP v. Ubuntu compatibility list (#27)
erlef/setup-beam: README.md

specifier (`1.11.0-rc.0`). Pre-release versions are opt-in, so `1.11.x` will
not match a pre-release.

### Compatibility between Ubuntu and Erlang/OTP

> This list presents the known working version combos between Ubuntu
> and Erlang/OTP, as well as the non-working combos.

Author: ```suggestion
This list presents the known working version combos between Ubuntu
and Erlang/OTP. Non-listed combos are not guaranteed to work.
```

| Ubuntu       | Erlang/OTP | Status
|-             |-           |-
| ubuntu-16.04 | 17 - 23    | ✅

> | ubuntu-18.04 | 17 - 19    | 🚫[1]

Author: ```suggestion
```

| ubuntu-18.04 | 20 - 23    | ✅
| ubuntu-20.04 | 20 - 23    | ✅

> 
> [1]: There is a known SSL compatibility issue so you
> should avoid these versions.

Author: ```suggestion
```

specifier (`1.11.0-rc.0`). Pre-release versions are opt-in, so `1.11.x` will
not match a pre-release.

### Compatibility between Ubuntu and Erlang/OTP

This list presents the known working version combos between Ubuntu
and Erlang/OTP, as well as the non-working combos.

| Ubuntu       | Erlang/OTP | Status
|-             |-           |-
| ubuntu-16.04 | 17 - 23    | ✅
| ubuntu-18.04 | 17         | 🚫<sup>[1]</sup>
| ubuntu-18.04 | 18         | 🚫<sup>[1]</sup>

> | ubuntu-18.04 | 19         | 🚫<sup>[1]</sup>

Reviewer: I think it would be better to not list them.

Author: You mean have `17-19` only?

Author: I'm going ahead and pushing this, which I believe is the intention behind your comment.

Reviewer: No, I think we should list what is compatible not what is not compatible.

> | ubuntu-18.04 | 17         | 🚫<sup>[1]</sup>
> | ubuntu-18.04 | 18         | 🚫<sup>[1]</sup>
> | ubuntu-18.04 | 19         | 🚫<sup>[1]</sup>

Author: ```suggestion
| ubuntu-18.04 | 17 - 19    | 🚫<sup>[1]</sup>
```

Author: @ericmj, like this ^?

| ubuntu-18.04 | 20 - 23    | ✅

> | ubuntu-20.04 | 17 - 23    | ✅

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ubuntu-20.04 | 20 - 23    | ✅
```
